<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns:m="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" xmlns:svg="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en" epub:prefix="index: http://www.index.com/">
<head>
<title>Copyright Page</title>
<link href="../styles/9781351803632.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body epub:type="frontmatter">
<section epub:type="copyright-page" aria-label="copyright page">
<p class="copyt"><span id="piv" aria-label=" page iv. " epub:type="pagebreak" role="doc-pagebreak"/>CRC Press</p>
<p class="copy">Taylor &#38; Francis Group</p>
<p class="copy">6000 Broken Sound Parkway NW, Suite 300</p>
<p class="copy">Boca Raton, FL 33487-2742</p>
<p class="copyt">&#169; 2020 by Taylor &#38; Francis Group, LLC</p>
<p class="copy">CRC Press is an imprint of Taylor &#38; Francis Group, an Informa business</p>
<p class="copyt">No claim to original U.S. Government works</p>
<p class="copyt">Printed on acid-free paper</p>
<p class="copyt">International Standard Book Number-13: 978-1-138-63205-9 (Paperback)</p>
<p class="copy">International Standard Book Number-13: 978-1-138-63209-7 (Hardback)</p>
<p class="copyt">This book contains information obtained from authentic and highly regarded sources. Reasonable efforts have been made to publish reliable data and information, but the author and publisher cannot assume responsibility for the validity of all materials or the consequences of their use. The authors and publishers have attempted to trace the copyright holders of all material reproduced in this publication and apologize to copyright holders if permission to publish in this form has not been obtained. If any copyright material has not been acknowledged please write and let us know so we may rectify in any future reprint.</p>
<p class="copyt">Except as permitted under U.S. Copyright Law, no part of this book may be reprinted, reproduced, transmitted, or utilized in any form by any electronic, mechanical, or other means, now known or hereafter invented, including photocopying, microfilming, and recording, or in any information storage or retrieval system, without written permission from the publishers.</p>
<p class="copyt">For permission to photocopy or use material electronically from this work, please access <a href="http://www.copyright.com">www.copyright.com</a> (<a class="nounder" href="http://www.copyright.com">http://www.copyright.com/</a>) or contact the Copyright Clearance Center, Inc. (CCC), 222 Rosewood Drive, Danvers, MA 01923, 978-750-8400. CCC is a not-for-profit organization that provides licenses and registration for a variety of users. For organizations that have been granted a photocopy license by the CCC, a separate system of payment has been arranged.</p>
<p class="copyt"><b>Trademark Notice:</b> Product or corporate names may be trademarks or registered trademarks, and are used only for identification and explanation without intent to infringe.</p>
<section class="copytb">
<p class="copyc"><b>Library of Congress Cataloging-in-Publication Data</b></p>
<p class="copyta">Names: Schell, Jesse, author.</p>
<p class="copy">Title: The art of game design : a book of lenses / Jesse Schell.</p>
<p class="copy">Description: Third edition. | Boca Raton : Taylor &#38; Francis, a CRC title,</p>
<p class="copy">part of the Taylor &#38; Francis imprint, a member of the Taylor &#38; Francis</p>
<p class="copy">Group, the academic division of T&#38;F Informa, plc, 2019. | Includes</p>
<p class="copy">bibliographical references and index.</p>
<p class="copy">Identifiers: LCCN 2019013713 | ISBN 9781138632059 (pbk. : acid-free paper) |</p>
<p class="copy">ISBN 9781138632097 (hardback : acid-free paper)</p>
<p class="copy">Subjects: LCSH: Computer games&#8212;Design.</p>
<p class="copy">Classification: LCC QA76.76.C672 S34 2019 | DDC 794.8/1536&#8212;dc23</p>
<p class="copy">LC record available at <a class="nounder" href="https://lccn.loc.gov">https://lccn.loc.gov/2019013713</a></p>
</section>
<p class="copyt"><b>Visit the Taylor &#38; Francis Web site at</b></p>
<p class="copy"><b><a class="nounder" href="http://www.taylorandfrancis.com">http://www.taylorandfrancis.com</a></b></p>
<p class="copyt"><b>and the CRC Press Web site at</b></p>
<p class="copy"><b><a class="nounder" href="http://www.crcpress.com">http://www.crcpress.com</a></b></p>
</section>
</body>
</html>