<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns:m="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" xmlns:svg="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en" epub:prefix="index: http://www.index.com/">
<head>
<title>Acknowledgments</title>
<link href="../styles/9781351803632.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body epub:type="backmatter">
<section epub:type="acknowledgments" role="doc-acknowledgments">
<h1 class="h2c" id="ack"><span id="p579" aria-label=" page 579. " epub:type="pagebreak" role="doc-pagebreak"/><span class="pd_orange1">Acknowledgments</span></h1>
<p class="noindent">This has been a long project, and even longer now that it is in third edition. So many people have been kind enough to help make it come into being; I know I am going to miss some.</p>
<p class="indent">Nyra and Emma, the loves of my life, who always encouraged me, and put up with years of me staring into space and jotting little notes when I should have been, say, mowing the lawn, doing the dishes, or putting out that fire in the backyard.</p>
<p class="indent">My mother, Susanne Fahringer, who, when I was twelve, understood somehow that <i>Dungeons &#38; Dragons</i> was very, very important.</p>
<p class="indent">My brother, Ben, who taught me how to play <i>Thunder</i>, a card game he invented in a dream when he was four years old.</p>
<p class="indent">Jeff McGinley, for putting that whole ice cream cone in his mouth. And for putting up with me for four decades.</p>
<p class="indent">Reagan Heller, who worked with me for countless hours in countless restaurants, airplanes, and meeting rooms coming up with visualization ideas for the lens images on the card deck, designed the card layouts, and did graphic design for several aspects of the book.</p>
<p class="indent">Kim Kiser and Dan Lin, who somehow found time to develop the second edition cover.</p>
<p class="indent">The entire staff at Schell Games, who gave great feedback, and pretended not to care that I was missing meetings to get the book done. Special shout out to Shawn Patton, master of playtesting, who did much to improve the playtesting chapter. WUBALEW forever.</p>
<p class="indent">Emma Backer, who performed all the Cinderella tasks&#8212;typesetting the cards, wrangling the card artists, cleaning up and organizing book images, tracking down copyright holders, and cleaning the ashes from the fireplace.</p>
<p class="indent">First edition: The team at Elsevier/Morgan Kaufmann, who kindly let a two-year project take five years: Tim Cox, Georgia Kennedy, Beth Millett, Paul Gottehrer, Chris Simpson, Laura Lewin, and Kathryn Spencer.</p>
<p class="indent">Second edition: The team at Taylor &#38; Francis, especially Rick Adams and Marsha Pronin, who let what should have been a six-month editing job turn into an eighteen-month overhaul.</p>
<p class="indent">Third edition: Again Taylor &#38; Francis, and this time Sofia Buono at codeMantra too, and again the supreme patience of Rick Adams, but now with Jessica Vega. And again, it should have been six months, but took me two years. Also&#8212;color printing! <span id="p580" aria-label=" page 580. " epub:type="pagebreak" role="doc-pagebreak"/>Thanks! Also also, thanks to Josh Hendryx who designed the snappy new orange and blue cover.</p>
<p class="indent">Barbara Chamberlin, who gave emotional support, helped me better understand playtesting, and patiently endured delays on our project because I took so long on this one.</p>
<p class="indent">Everyone at the Disney VR Studio who put up with my rambling theoretical nonsense conversations for all those years, especially Mike Goslin, Joe Shochet, Mark Mine, David Rose, Bruce Woodside, Felipe Lara, Gary Daines, Mk Haley, Daniel Aasheim, and Jan Wallace.</p>
<p class="indent">Katherine Isbister, who served as a mentor for me in several ways, partly by writing the first book in this series, <i>Better Game Characters by Design</i>, but also for giving me practical, technical, and moral support throughout the writing process.</p>
<p class="indent">The staff, faculty, and students of Carnegie Mellon&#8217;s Entertainment Technology Center, who graciously let me teach Game Design and Building Virtual Worlds, which forced me to figure all this out. Most especially Don Marinelli, Randy Pausch, Brenda Harger, Ralph Vituccio, Chris Klug, Charles Palmer, Ruth Comley, Shirley Josh Yelon, Mike Christel, Scott Stevens, John Dessler, Dave Culyba, Mk Haley, Anthony Daniels, Jessica Trybus, John Wesner, Carl Rosendahl, Ji-Young Lee, Shirley Yee, and Drew Davidson. Special thanks to Drew Davidson for his detailed notes, and to John Dessler, who was the first person to truly appreciate the book.</p>
<p class="indent">Randy Pausch deserves a double thank-you, for his magical lens that let him see that I could do this when I didn&#8217;t believe that I could. Thanks, Randy.</p>
</section>
</body>
</html>