<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns:m="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" xmlns:svg="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en" epub:prefix="index: http://www.index.com/">
<head>
<title>Bibliography</title>
<link href="../styles/9781351803632.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body epub:type="backmatter">
<section epub:type="bibliography" role="doc-bibliography">
<h1 class="h2c" id="bibliography"><span id="p595" aria-label=" page 595. " epub:type="pagebreak" role="doc-pagebreak"/><span class="pd_orange1">Bibliography</span></h1>
<ol class="ref-list">
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref1"><p class="ref">Adams, E. and Dormans, J. <i>Game Mechanics: Advanced Game Design</i>. New Riders, Berkeley, CA, 2012.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref2"><p class="ref">Alexander, C. <i>The Timeless Way of Building</i>. Oxford University Press, New York, 1987a.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref3"><p class="ref">Alexander, C. <i>A Pattern Language</i>. Oxford University Press, New York, 1987b.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref4"><p class="ref">Alexander, C. <i>The Nature of Order: The Phenomenon of Life</i>. The Center for Environmental Structure, Berkeley, CA, 2002a.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref5"><p class="ref">Alexander, C. <i>The Nature of Order: The Process of Creating Life</i>. The Center for Environmental Structure, Berkeley, CA, 2002b.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref6"><p class="ref">Arijon, D. <i>Grammar of the Film Language</i>. Silman-James Press, Los Angeles, CA, 1976.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref7"><p class="ref">Aristotle. <i>The Poetics</i>. Harvard University Press, Cambridge, MA, 1999.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref8"><p class="ref">Arnheim, R. <i>Art and Visual Perception</i>. University of California Press, Oakland, CA, 1974.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref9"><p class="ref">Bang, M. <i>Picture This</i>. Little, Brown, and Company, New York, 1991.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref10"><p class="ref">Barry, L. <i>What It Is</i>. Drawn and Quarterly, Montreal, 2008.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref11"><p class="ref">Barry, L. <i>Picture This: The Near-sighted Monkey Book</i>. Drawn and Quarterly, Montreal, 2010.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref12"><p class="ref">Bartle, R. <i>Designing Virtual Worlds</i>. New Riders, 2004.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref13"><p class="ref">Bates, B. <i>Game Design</i>, 2nd edn. Course Technology PTR, Boston, MA, 2004.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref14"><p class="ref">Bates, B. <i>Learning Theories Simplified</i>. SAGE Publications, London, 2016.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref15"><p class="ref">Bernstein, P.L. <i>The Remarkable Story of Risk</i>. John Wiley &#38; Sons, New York, 1996.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref16"><p class="ref">Brathwaite, B. and Schreiber, I. <i>Challenges for Game Designers: Non-Digital Exercises for Video Game Designers</i>. CreateSpace Independent Publishing, 2008.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref17"><p class="ref">Brotchie, A. <i>A Book of Surrealist Games</i>. Shambhala Redstone Editions, Boston, MA, 1995.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref18"><p class="ref">Buxton, B. <i>Sketching User Experiences</i>. Morgan Kaufmann, Amsterdam, the Netherlands, 2007.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref19"><p class="ref"><span id="p596" aria-label=" page 596. " epub:type="pagebreak" role="doc-pagebreak"/>Burak, A. and Parker, L. <i>Power Play: How Video Games Can Save the World</i>. St. Martin&#8217;s Press, New York, NY, 2017.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref20"><p class="ref">Burroway, J. and Stuckey-French, E. <i>Writing Fiction: A Guide to Narrative Craft</i>. Pearson, New York, NY, 2007.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref21"><p class="ref">Callois, R. <i>Man, Play, and Games</i>. University of Illinois Press, Champaign, IL, 2001.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref22"><p class="ref">Carse, J.P. <i>Finite and Infinite Games</i>. Ballantine, New York, 1986.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref23"><p class="ref">Chou, Y.-K. <i>Actionable Gamification: Beyond Points, Badges, and Leaderboards</i>. <a href="http://YukaiChou.com">YukaiChou.com/OctalysisBook</a>. 2015.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref24"><p class="ref">Christensen, C. <i>The Innovator&#8217;s Dilemma: When New Technologies Cause Great Firms to Fail</i>. Harvard Business Review Press, Cambridge, MA, 1997.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref25"><p class="ref">Christensen, C, and Raynor, M. <i>The Innovator&#8217;s Solution: Creating and Sustaining Successful Growth</i>. Harvard Business Review Press, Cambridge, MA, 2013.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref26"><p class="ref">Co, P. <i>Level Design for Games: Creating Compelling Game Experiences</i>. New Riders, 2006.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref27"><p class="ref">Collins, M. and Kimmel, M.M. (eds.) <i>Mister Rogers&#8217; Neighborhood: Children, Television, and Fred Rogers</i>. University of Pittsburgh Press, Pittsburgh, PA, 1996.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref28"><p class="ref">Corman, R. <i>How I Made a Hundred Movies in Hollywood and Never Lost a Dime</i>. Da Capo Press, New York, 1990.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref29"><p class="ref">Costikyan, G. <i>Uncertainty in Games</i>. MIT Press, Cambridge, MA, 2013.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref30"><p class="ref">Crawford, C. <i>The Art of Computer Game Design: Reflections of a Master Game Designer</i>. Osborne/McGraw Hill, Berkeley, CA, 1984.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref31"><p class="ref">Crawford, C. <i>Balance of Power</i>. Microsoft Press, 1986.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref32"><p class="ref">Cruit, R.L. and Cruit, R.L. <i>Survive the Coming Nuclear War: How to Do It</i>. Stein and Day, New York, 1984.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref33"><p class="ref">Csikszentmihalyi, M. <i>Flow: The Psychology of Optimal Experience</i>. Harper &#38; Row, New York, 1991.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref34"><p class="ref">Csikszentmihalyi, M. and Csikszentmihalyi, I.S. <i>Optimal Experience</i>. Cambridge University Press, Cambridge, U.K., 1997.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref35"><p class="ref">Culyba, S. <i>The Transformational Framework: A Process Tool for the Development of Transformational Games</i>. ETC Press, Pittsburgh, PA, 2018.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref36"><p class="ref">Dali, S. <i>Fifty Secrets of Magic Craftsmanship</i>. Dover Publications, New York, 1992.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref37"><p class="ref">Devlin, K. <i>The Unfinished Game: Pascal, Fermat, and the Seventeenth-Century Letter that Made the World Modern</i>. Basic Books, New York, 2010.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref38"><p class="ref"><i>Discovery Girls Magazine</i>, June&#8211;July 2007, p. 23.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref39"><p class="ref">Doblin Group, The. A model of compelling experiences. 2007. Website: <a class="nounder" href="http://www.doblin.com">http://www.doblin.com</a>.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref40"><p class="ref">Dodsworth, C. Jr. <i>Digital Illusion</i>. ACM Press&#8212;SIGGRAPH Series, New York, 1998.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref41"><p class="ref">Edwards, B. <i>Drawing on the Right Side of the Brain</i>. Tarcher/Putnam, New York, 1989.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref42"><p class="ref"><span id="p597" aria-label=" page 597. " epub:type="pagebreak" role="doc-pagebreak"/>Elliot, A., Dweck, C., and Yeager, D. <i>Handbook of Competence and Motivation: Theory and Application</i>. Guilford Press, New York, NY, 2017.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref43"><p class="ref">Fahey, R, and Lovell, N. <i>The F2P Toolbox: Essential Techniques for Fun, Profitable Game Design</i>. GAMESbrief, 2014.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref44"><p class="ref">Flammarion, C. <i>Mysterious Psychic Forces</i>. Small, Maynard, and Co., Boston, MA, 1907.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref45"><p class="ref">Flaxon, D.N. Flaxon alternative interface technologies. Website: <a class="nounder" href="http://www.sonic.net">http://www.sonic.net/~dfx/fait/</a>.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref46"><p class="ref">Fullerton, T. <i>Game Design Workshop</i>, 2nd edn. Morgan Kaufmann, Amsterdam, the Netherlands, 2008.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref47"><p class="ref">Gee, J.P. <i>What Video Games Have to Teach Us About Learning and Literacy</i>. St. Martin&#8217;s Press, New York, 2003.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref48"><p class="ref">Gee, J.P. <i>Why Videogames Are Good for Your Soul</i>. Common Ground Publishing, Melbourne, Victoria, Australia, 2005.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref49"><p class="ref">Gilmore, J. and Pine, B.J. <i>Authenticity: What Consumers Really Want</i>. Harvard Business School Press, Boston, MA, 2007.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref50"><p class="ref">Gladwell, M. <i>The Tipping Point: How Little Things Can Make a Big Difference</i>. Back Bay Books, Boston, MA, 2002.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref51"><p class="ref">Glassner, A. <i>Interactive Storytelling: Techniques for 21st Century Fiction</i>. AK Peters, Natick, MA, 2004.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref52"><p class="ref">Gold, R. <i>The Plenitude: Creativity, Innovation, and Making Stuff</i>. MIT Press, Cambridge, MA, 2007.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref53"><p class="ref">Greene, R. <i>The 48 Laws of Power</i>. Penguin, New York, 1998.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref54"><p class="ref">Gregory, R.L. (ed.) <i>The Oxford Companion to the Mind</i>. Oxford University Press, Oxford, U.K., 2004.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref55"><p class="ref">Grossman, A. (ed.) <i>Postmortems from Game Developer</i>. CMP Books, San Francisco, CA, 2003.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref56"><p class="ref">Grossman, D. and DeGaetano, G. <i>Stop Teaching Our Kids to Kill: A Call to Action Against TV, Movie, and Video Game Violence</i>. Crown Publishers, New York, 1999.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref57"><p class="ref">Hartson, W.R. and Watson, P.C. <i>The Psychology of Chess</i>. Facts on File, New York, 1984.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref58"><p class="ref">Henderson, M. <i>Star Wars: The Magic of Myth</i>. Bantam Books, New York, 1997.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref59"><p class="ref">Heward, L. and Bacon J. <i>Cirque du Soleil: The Spark</i>. Doubleday, New York, 2006.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref60"><p class="ref">Howard, V. <i>The Mystic Path to Cosmic Power</i>. Reward Books, West Nyack, NY, 1967.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref61"><p class="ref">Huizinga, J. <i>Homo Ludens: A Study of the Play Element in Culture</i>. Beacon Press, Boston, MA, 1955.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref62"><p class="ref">Hume, D. <i>A Treatise of Human Nature</i>. Barnes and Noble, New York, NY, 2005, originally 1740.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref63"><p class="ref"><span id="p598" aria-label=" page 598. " epub:type="pagebreak" role="doc-pagebreak"/>Isbister, K. <i>Better Game Characters by Design: A Psychological Approach</i>. Morgan Kaufmann, San Francisco, CA, 2006.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref64"><p class="ref">Isbister, K. and Schaffer, N. <i>Game Usability: Advancing the Player Experience</i>. Morgan Kaufmann, Burlington, MA, 2008.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref65"><p class="ref">Iuppa, N. and Borst, T. <i>Story and Simulations for Serious Games</i>. Focal Press, Burlington, MA, 2007.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref66"><p class="ref">Jaynes, J. <i>The Origin of Consciousness in the Breakdown of the Bicameral Mind</i>. Houghton Mifflin, New York, 1976.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref67"><p class="ref">Jenisch, J. <i>The Art of the Video Game</i>. Quirk Books, Philadelphia, PA, 2008.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref68"><p class="ref">Johnstone, K. <i>Impro: Improvisation and the Theatre</i>. Routledge, New York, 1992.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref69"><p class="ref">Jones, G. <i>Killing Monsters: Why Children Need Fantasy, Super Heroes, and Make-Believe Violence</i>. Basic Books, New York, 2002.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref70"><p class="ref">Kafai, Y. Richard, G. and Tynes, B. <i>Diversifying Barbie &#38; Mortal Kombat: Intersectional Perspectives and Inclusive Designs in Gaming</i>. ETC Press, Pittsburgh, PA, 2016.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref71"><p class="ref">Kelly, T. <i>The Art of Innovation</i>. Doubleday, New York, 2001.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref72"><p class="ref">Kim, A.J. <i>Community Building on the Web</i>. Peachpit Press, Berkeley, CA, 2000.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref73"><p class="ref">Kohn, A. <i>Punished by Rewards: The Trouble with Gold Stars, A&#8217;s, Praise, and Other Bribes</i>. Houghton Mifflin, Boston, 1999.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref74"><p class="ref">Koster, R. <i>A Theory of Fun for Game Design</i>. Paraglyph Press, Scottsdale, AZ, 2005.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref75"><p class="ref">Kringelbach, M. and Berridge, K. <i>Pleasures of the Brain</i>. Oxford University Press, Oxford, 2010.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref76"><p class="ref">Lebowitz, J. and Klug, C. <i>Interactive Storytelling for Video Games: A Player-Centered Approach to Creating Memorable Characters and Stories</i>. Focal Press, Burlington, MA, 2011.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref77"><p class="ref">Lencioni, P. <i>The Advantage: Why Organizational Health Trumps Everything Else in Business</i>. Jossey-Bass, San Francisco, CA, 2012.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref78"><p class="ref">Lynch, D. <i>Catching the Big Fish</i>. Tarcher/Penguin, New York, 2007.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref79"><p class="ref">Lynch, K. <i>The Image of the City</i>. MIT Press, Cambridge, MA, 1960.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref80"><p class="ref">Marling, K.A. <i>Designing Disney&#8217;s Theme Parks: The Architecture of Reassurance</i>. Canadian Center for Architecture, Montreal, Quebec, Canada, 1997.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref81"><p class="ref">McCloud, S. <i>Understanding Comics</i>. Kitchen Sink Press, 1994.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref82"><p class="ref">McGonigal, J. <i>Reality is Broken: Why Games Make Us Better and How They Can Change the World</i>. Penguin Books, New York, 2011.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref83"><p class="ref">McLuhan, M. <i>The Medium is the Massage</i>. Hardwired, New York, 1996.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref84"><p class="ref">McLuhan, M. <i>Understanding Media</i>. MIT Press, Cambridge, MA, 1998.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref85"><p class="ref">Meadows, M.S. <i>Pause and Effect: The Art of Interactive Narrative</i>. New Riders, Indianapolis, IN, 2003.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref86"><p class="ref"><span id="p599" aria-label=" page 599. " epub:type="pagebreak" role="doc-pagebreak"/>Melissinos, C. and O&#8217;Rourke, P. <i>The Art of Video Games: From Pac-Man to Mass Effect</i>. Welcome Books, New York, 2012.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref87"><p class="ref">Mencher, M. <i>Get in the Game! Careers in the Game Industry</i>. New Riders, Indianapolis, IN, 2003.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref88"><p class="ref">Merrienboer, J. and Kirschner, P. <i>Ten Steps to Complex Learning</i>. Routledge, New York, 2018.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref89"><p class="ref">Miall, D.S. Anticipation and feeling in literary response. <i>Poetics</i> 1995, 23, 275&#8211;298.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref90"><p class="ref">Michalko, M. <i>Thinkertoys: a Handbook of Creative-Thinking Techniques</i>. Ten Speed Press, Berkeley, CA, 2006.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref91"><p class="ref">Moore, S. <i>We Love Harry Potter</i>! St. Martin&#8217;s Griffin, New York, 1999.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref92"><p class="ref">Mosely, A. and Whitton, N. <i>New Traditional Games for Learning: A Case Book</i>. Routledge, New York, 2014.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref93"><p class="ref">Muldoon, S. and Carrington, H. <i>The Projection of the Astral Body</i>. Rider &#38; Co, London, 1929.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref94"><p class="ref">Murray, J.H. <i>Hamlet on the Holodeck</i>. The Free Press, New York, 1997.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref95"><p class="ref">Nelms, H. <i>Magic and Showmanship</i>. Dover, New York, 1969.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref96"><p class="ref">Newman, J. and Simons, I. <i>Difficult Questions about Videogames</i>. PublicBeta, Nottingham, U.K., 2004.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref97"><p class="ref">Norman, D. <i>The Design of Everyday Things</i>. Basic Books, New York, 2013.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref98"><p class="ref">Parlett, D. <i>Parlett&#8217;s History of Board Games</i>. Oxford University Press, Oxford, 1999.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref99"><p class="ref">Perla, P. <i>The Art of Wargaming</i>. Naval Institute Press, Annapolis, MD, 1990.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref100"><p class="ref">Propp, V. <i>Morphology of the Folktale</i>. University of Texas Press, Austin, TX, 1998.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref101"><p class="ref">Rabin, S. <i>Introduction to Game Development</i>. Charles River Media, Boston, MA, 2005.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref102"><p class="ref">Ramsay, M. <i>Gamers at Work: Stories Behind the Games People Play</i>. Springer-Verlag, New York, 2012.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref103"><p class="ref">Reeve, J. <i>Understanding Motivation and Emotion</i>. Wiley, Hoboken, NJ, 2018.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref104"><p class="ref">Rigby, S. and Ryan R. <i>Glued to Games: How Video Games Draw us in and hold us Spellbound</i>. Praeger, Santa Barbara, CA, 2011.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref105"><p class="ref">Rouse, R. III. <i>Game Design: Theory and Practice</i>. Wordware Publishing, Plano, TX, 2001.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref106"><p class="ref">Salen, K. and Zimmerman, E. <i>Rules of Play: Game Design Fundamentals</i>. MIT Press, Cambridge, MA, 2003.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref107"><p class="ref">Santayana, G. <i>The Sense of Beauty: Being the Outline of Aesthetic Theory</i>. Dover, New York, 1955.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref108"><p class="ref">Schlichting, M. <i>Understanding Kids, Play, and Interactive Design: How to Create Games Children Love</i>. Let&#8217;s Play Press, Graton, CA, 2016.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref109"><p class="ref">Schwartz, D.G. <i>Roll the Bones: The History of Gambling</i>. Gotham Books, New York, 2006.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref110"><p class="ref"><span id="p600" aria-label=" page 600. " epub:type="pagebreak" role="doc-pagebreak"/>Sch&#252;ll, N. <i>Addiction by Design: Machine Gambling in Las Vegas</i>. Princeton University Press, Princeton, NJ, 2012.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref111"><p class="ref">Selinker, M. <i>Kobold Guide to Board Game Design</i>. Open Design, Kirkland, WA, 2011.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref112"><p class="ref">Sheldon, L. <i>Character Development and Storytelling for Games</i>. Thomson Course Technology, Cambridge, MA, 2004.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref113"><p class="ref">Solarski, C. <i>Drawing Basics and Video Game Art: Classic to Cutting-Edge Art Techniques for Winning Video Game Design</i>. Watson-Guptill Publications, New York, 2012.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref114"><p class="ref">Suits, B. <i>The Grasshopper: Games, Life, and Utopia</i>. Broadview Press, Peterborough, ON, 2005.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref115"><p class="ref">Sutton-Smith, B. <i>The Ambiguity of Play</i>. Harvard University Press, Cambridge, MA, 2001.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref116"><p class="ref">Swink, S. <i>Game Feel: A Game Designer&#8217;s Guide to Virtual Sensation</i>. Morgan Kaufmann, Burlington, MA, 2009.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref117"><p class="ref">Tekinbas, K.S. and Zimmerman, E. <i>The Game Design Reader: A Rules of Play Anthology</i>. MIT Press, Cambridge, MA, 2006.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref118"><p class="ref">Tinsman, B. <i>The Game Inventor&#8217;s Guidebook</i>. Krause Publications, 2002.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref119"><p class="ref">Tobin, J. (ed.) <i>Pikachu&#8217;s Global Adventure: The Rise and Fall of Pokemon</i>. Duke University Press, Durham, NC, 2004.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref120"><p class="ref">Tufte, E. <i>The Visual Display of Quantitative Information</i>. Graphics Press, Cheshire, CT, 2001.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref121"><p class="ref">Utterberg, C. <i>The Dynamics of Chess Psychology</i>. Chess Digest, Inc., Dallas, TX, 1994.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref122"><p class="ref">Van Pelt, P. (ed.) <i>The Imagineering Workout: Exercises to Shape Your Creative Muscles</i>. Disney Editions, New York, 2005.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref123"><p class="ref">Vogler, C. <i>The Writer&#8217;s Journey</i>, 2nd edn. Michael Wiese Productions, Studio City, CA, 1998.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref124"><p class="ref">Vorderer, P. and Bryant, J. (eds.) <i>Playing Video Games: Motives Responses, and Consequences</i>. Lawrence Erlbaum Associates, Manwah, NJ, 2006.</p></li>
<li epub:type="biblioentry" id="ref125"><p class="ref">Wakabayashi, H.C. (ed.) <i>Picasso: In His Words</i>. Welcome Books, New York, 2002.</p></li>
</ol>
</section>
</body>
</html>